Updating troubleshooting docs (#5892)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: devices/hololens/hololens-troubleshooting.md

If these steps don't work, you can try [recovering your device](hololens-recovery.md).

## Hologram image color or brightness does not look right
For HoloLens 2, take the following steps to ensure the highest visual quality of holograms presented in displays:

- **Increase brightness of the display:** Holograms look best when the display is at its brightest level.
- **Bring visor closer to your eyes:** Swing the visor down to the closest position to your eyes.
- **Shift visor down:** Try moving the brow pad on your forehead down, which will result in the visor moving down closer to your nose.

> - **Run eye calibration:** The display uses your IPD and eye gaze to optimize images on the display. If you don't run eye calibration, the image quality may be made worse.

Reviewer: There are a number of environmental factors that may also change how your holograms look including light level.  Read more about environmental considerations [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-environment-considerations) if the steps above don't work.

`[here](hololens-environment-considerations.md)`

> - **Run eye calibration:** The display uses your IPD and eye gaze to optimize images on the display. If you don't run eye calibration, the image quality may be made worse.

Reviewer 2: This link has not been added. Sorry, I forgot to check the previous reviews.

If your visor has fingerprints or smudges, use the microfiber cleaning cloth that came with the HoloLens to clean your visor gently.

## Lights to indicate problems

| When you do this | The lights do this | It means this |
| - | - | - |
| You press the Power button. | One light flashes five times, then turns off. | The HoloLens battery is critically low. Charge your HoloLens. |
| You press the Power button. | All five lights flash five times, then turn off. |  HoloLens cannot start correctly and is in an error state. [Reinstall the operating system](hololens-recovery.md) to recover your device. |

> | You press the Power button. | The 1st, 3rd, and 5th lights flash together continually. |  HoloLens may have a hardware failure. To be sure, [reinstall the OS](hololens-recovery.md#hololens-2), and try again. After reinstalling the OS, if the light-flash pattern persists, contact [support](https://support.microsoft.com/supportforbusiness/productselection?sapid=3ec35c62-022f-466b-3a1e-dbbb7b9a55fb). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| You press the Power button. | The first, third, and fifth lights flash together continually. |  HoloLens may have a hardware failure. To be sure, [reinstall the OS](hololens-recovery.md#hololens-2), and try again. After reinstalling the OS, if the light-flash pattern persists, contact [support](https://support.microsoft.com/supportforbusiness/productselection?sapid=3ec35c62-022f-466b-3a1e-dbbb7b9a55fb). |
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| You press the Power button. | The first, third, and fifth lights flash together continually. |  HoloLens may have a hardware failure. To be sure, [reinstall the OS](hololens-recovery.md#hololens-2), and try again. After reinstalling the OS, if the light-flash pattern persists, contact [support](https://support.microsoft.com/supportforbusiness/productselection?sapid=3ec35c62-022f-466b-3a1e-dbbb7b9a55fb). |
```

> 

Reviewer: Here is the light guide for [HoloLens (1st gen)](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens1-setup#hololens-indicator-lights) and [HoloLens 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens2-setup#hololens-behavior-reference).

`[HoloLens (1st gen)](hololens1-setup.md#hololens-indicator-lights)`
`[HoloLens 2](hololens2-setup.md#hololens-behavior-reference)`
